  <meta property="og:image" content="https://github.com/zainammar/profile/main/images/og.jpg">


https://github.com/azharthegeek/ai-engineer-portfolio-website

  Hi, I'm Zain Ammar, a passionate technology enthusiast and developer with a strong interest in building modern, efficient, and user-friendly applications. I specialize in Python, Django, React, HTML, CSS, and CSS Grid, and I enjoy turning ideas into real-world digital solutions.
I focus on creating clean, scalable, and responsive web applications that deliver a smooth user experience. I am always eager to learn new technologies, improve my skills, and stay updated with the latest trends in software development and web engineering.
I have worked on several major projects, including a Learning Management System (LMS) designed to manage courses, students, and online learning workflows; a Cart & CMS system for handling e-commerce functionality along with content management features; and a Hospital Management System built to streamline patient records, appointments, and hospital operations.
Alongside coding, I enjoy solving problems, exploring innovative ideas, and working on projects that challenge me to grow as a developer. Whether working individually or in a team, I believe in consistency, creativity, and writing quality code.

StorePilot CMS
Cart & CMS
Read Me 
Run Commands in your forlder terminal
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
pip install django
python3 -m pip install Pillow
pip install psycopg
(Django project PostgreSQL)
python3 manage.py runserver




Great App
Checkout Ready for You
Buy Now is a structured Django-based eCommerce project that demonstrates modular design, reusable templates, and practical implementation of core web development concepts. It is ideal for learning and scalable for real-world applications.



Shop Now
Great App
Home
Great App Now is a web-based application designed to simplify the process of building and managing an eCommerce platform. It is developed using modern web technologies like Django (Python framework) and focuses on providing a scalable and reusable architecture.
The system allows users to browse products, manage accounts, and perform shopping operations efficiently.

Structured Django-based eCommerce project that demonstrates modular design, reusable templates, and practical implementation of core web development concepts. It is ideal for learning and scalable for real-world applications.

Home image 1
Objectives
Build a modular and reusable Django project

Provide a complete eCommerce solution

Enable easy UI customization using templates

Support multiple apps (accounts, shop, themes)

Ensure scalability and maintainability

Technologies Used

Section image
Backend: Python, Django
01
Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
02
Database: SQLite (default)
03
Version Control: Git & GitHub
04
Environment: Virtualenv
05
Project Structure
Stay in the loop
01
Free Shipping
02
Easy Returns
03
Secure Payment
04
24/7 Support
05
Get the best deals delivered to you.
Image 4
Quality products, seamless experience. Built on Django — designed for every lifestyle and every budget.
Curated pieces that move with you — from golden-hour mornings to candlelit evenings. Effortless style, lasting quality.

Summer Collection 2026

Dressed for every moment you live.

Free shipping on orders over $75

Summer

Up to 40% off

New arrivals every Friday

Image 3
Buy Now is a web-based application designed to simplify the process of building and managing an eCommerce platform. It is developed using modern web technologies like Django (Python framework) and focuses on providing a scalable and reusable architecture.

The system allows users to browse products, manage accounts, and perform shopping operations efficiently.